Ans 1:
    Orm Stands for object relation mapping.
    It operates on the objects.So the whole methodology followed by ORMs is dependent on the object-oriented Concepts.
    ORMs generate objects which map to tables in the database virtually.
    Once these objects are up, then it can easily work to retrieve, manipulate or delete any field from the table without
    paying much attention to language specifically.
    ORM lets us use classes instead of database tables, and those classes implement DBAL to save you from writing queries.


Ans 2:
    The name of the default hibernate configuration file hibernate.cfg.xml.
    while configuring the hibernate file if file name is default then no need to pass it explicitly otherwise
    It is necessary to pass configuration file name The property name that is used to automatically create the
    table in case the table is not there hbm2ddl.


Ans 3:
    Hibernate XML mapping file contains the mapping relationship between Java class and database table.
    This is always named as “filename.hbm.xml”.

Ans 5:
    Criteria API provide us the facility of avoiding queries directly instead of writing Server based query
    it is one of the main features of Hibernate.
    The Criteria API allows us to build up a criteria query object programmatically and make ease of using pre-defined functions
    for server interaction irrespective of server.

Ans 6:
    Association in hibernate tells the associativity among the classes which type of object is
    associated(depend) on another type of object.
    there are 4 type of association that is:-
    one to one, one to many, many to one ,many to many

    A one-to-one association implies that an entity is related to another entity by containing it one's.
    For example :- One person can only posses one Identity for uniqueness.

    One To Many Mapping in Hibernate. In simple terms, one to many mapping means that one row in a table can be mapped
    to multiple rows in another table.
    For example :- One person own many Vehicle.

    A many-to-one association is the most common kind of association where an Object can be associated with multiple objects.
    For example :- MAny children posses one parent.

    A many to many mapping is made between two entities where one can have relation with multiple other entity
    instances.
    For example :- A customer can purchase many product and product can be purchased by many customer